Vendor JS files in python workers SDK as esm modules (#13311)
cloudflare/workers-sdk: .changeset/poor-feet-like.md

---
"wrangler": minor
---

> JS files under the Python workers runtime SDK is now handled as an ESM module

Reviewer: It's nice to have a little more content...

```suggestion
JS files imported by Python workers are now handled as ESM modules

Previously, JS files imported by Python workers were treated as raw Buffer modules.
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion. I think it is a little bit misleading to say that "JS files imported by Python workers", since this PR only affects the JS files strictly provided by [Python workers SDK](https://github.com/cloudflare/workers-py/tree/main/packages/runtime-sdk), not any JS files that users put in their Python packages. Users can still register them as ESM modules through wrangler.jsonc, but it was possible even before this change anyways.

I updated the changelog to be a bit more explicit. What do you think?
